So let's go to our main CSSA And actually let's go all the way to the top.
You can see that we started working on a novel here.
We had a nav with a background of light and now is going to hand some more styles.
So first things first we have a nav we're here.
So what we would want for her.
Well first of all like I said and I would want to have a display and we're going to do with this play
reflects on this.
So we're going to have a display of flex and I can see that the actual buttons are here and the logo
is still here.
Now once we have the display flex we're going to have a just different content.
This is going to be space between.
So we're going to make sure that there is more than enough space in between.
We're going to do a padding zero point to five RPMs and 100.
So top bottom is going to be 0.35 and left and right is going to be one aria or he'll do a border bottom
water bottom and for the bottom we would want or here 0.5 RPMs solid or solid.
And let's do all here we are all going to have a bar and this is going to be dark.
So this is going to be our dark border.
Now once we have the border and actually work with a button on you so we're going to go ahead and we're
going to say Nav. median.
So for that button we would want the font size area here.
This is going to be three rpms.
So this is going to be the big but no matter how you want to place it in the center.
And we know that since this is a child on here we can do a line self to center or so once a center as
you can see that button is going to be sitting.
All right.
Now once you have it in the center let's do a color and the caller is going to be work and let's do
a great one on this.
So now we are button is actually right now since the button has been styled.
Now we can do a lynx or here these are going to be all the links are here we're going to say this and
this is going to be now.
On here are the links.
No for the whole links for the list would want list style type.
None on here to get rid of these bullet points and all retailers do also background.
So in the background we're going to say all this is going to be our Vohra and also going to do a great
one on this.
So these are going to be our links.
Now once we have good links then we would want to work with each and every link.
We know that we have a class in the actual link.
This is going to mean have your single link on your site.
This is going to be the single.
Now if we're not singling first we would want this play and we're going to say display block right.
And once we have the display more than we would want text decoration.
None.
Just to get rid of these annoying lines.
And we also want to change the font size 1.5 RPMs on this.
So now they're bigger than we would want to do a painting.
Now for the padding we're going to say 0.5 RPMs and one or E-M or here so top and bottom is going to
be you know five of them one is going to be all here.
So basically we can see that we don't have the right side.
So it was going to be dealing with the left side or.
And once we have one or am We're going to have a font style eat taluk on this.
This is going to be taluk style and then we will have a text transform capitalize with a capital letter
color.
Do a color again of we are now in this case.
This is going to be the orange color.
Just to make some changes here we're going to say that text is going to be orange and then we have a
transition.
So basically as you can see or hear as I'm hovering we're going to add a little bit of padding on here
and the color is also going to change.
So again and we're going to do it over time.
So this is going to be a transition.
We're one animal going to say all one second linear like this.
And this is going to be our transition.
Now let's do the actual hovering effect.
So this is going to be Nav. single over here link and let's do a cover or here so let's do a background
first Magra on var and let's do the right one.
So we're all going to say that this is going to be the light color as we're having.
So you can see or hear now I have my light colored then we would want a padding left.
So padding annelids do padding left.
Now as you can see on here since I have over here padding left and right on one RPMs on here what I'm
going to do is 1.5 rpms.
So basically this is going to be bigger.
So once I say it on here you can see that it's actually going to be moving a little bit to the right
because the padding is pushing from the left or right.
And the last thing was do a cursor and the cursor pointer.
So I was hovering this is going to be cause of point.
Now once we're actually done with this we're ready to go and actually start working with a javascript.